Uhh uhh
I, I just woke up
from a dream
Where you and I had
to say goodbye
And I don't know
what it all means
But since I survived
I realized
Wherever you go that's
where I'll follow
Nobody's promised tomorrow
So imma love you every night
like it's the last night
Like it's the last night
If the world was ending I'd
wanna be next (to you)
If the party was over and our
time on earth (was through)
I'd wanna hold you
just for a while
And die with a smile
If the world was ending I'd
wanna be next to you
(Woo ooh)
Ooh lost
Lost in the words
that we scream
I don't even wanna
do this anymore
Cuz you already know what
you mean to me
And our love is the only
war worth fighting for
Wherever you go that's
where I'll follow
Nobody's promised tomorrow
So imma love you every night
like it's the last night
Like it's the last night
If the world was ending I'd
wanna be next to you
If the party was over
And our time on earth
was through
I'd wanna hold you
Just for a while
And die with a smile
If the world was ending I'd
wanna be next to you
Right next to you
Next to you
If the world was ending I'd
wanna be next (to you)
If the party was over and our time
on earth (was through)
I'd wanna hold you
just for a while
And die with a smile
If the world was ending I'd
wanna be next to you
I'd wanna be next to you